 When you signed up for Facebook, did you read the terms and conditions?
 How much data do these companies really collect on every one of their users?
 What do they really know about us?
 well, let's start with this
  what information can our phones collect
   GPS information
   Microphone data and speach recognition
   Camera
   Fingerprint
   Gyroscope
   workout habits
   speep patterns
   our interests
   our friends and enemies
   our spending patterns
   our driving patterns and whether we're speeding or not
   and much, much more
  our phones are really just portable data gathering machines
 but who do they share this information with? and more importantly, why?
  well, wouldn't advertisers want to know how often you spend how much money where?
  wouldn't Facebook wanna know who hangs out where?
   and maybe even control it
  and wouldn't the Government wanna know if you're speeding?
 as a society, we need to be asking ourselves, who are the real customer here.
  Is it the two billion people getting Facebook for free,
  or is it the advertisers and governments who buy our attention and our information
how do they keep us hooked?
 the interfaces are being designed to keep us scrolling
  we have the illusion of choice
   spend 20 minutes looking at the latest news
    and see their ads
   or, spend 20 minutes watching funny videos
    and see their ads
   or better yet, tell them where you went for dinner last night
    and see their ads
 so why don't we stop using these devices?
  the apps we use are designed to create anxiety so we keep 
   coming back to see if we've missed anything
  the reward we get from "checking in" with these apps keeps
   us wanting more
  endless content is being shown to us in case we ever get
   bored
 all it takes for these companies to grab our attention right back
  is just a single notification
   it's automatic
but this isn't the way things should be
we need to be able to tell our devices how we want to spend our time, not the other way around
we need to be in control of what these companies can see
 I built Element with people like me in mind
  people who value their privacy
  who don't want google or the government or their ex to be able to spy on their personal data
  people who value their time and energy
  who are tired of getting a Facebook notification and realizing they just wasted another 20 minutes
  people who want something better
 I designed it differently than any other network out there
  it's not that I tell you I won't look at your stuff
   I can't
  backed by encryption, the code is available to anyone
  let's say the NSA came up to me and asked me to turn over
   all the data. I wouldn't be able to, because it's secured
   with each individual account password.
  what this means is that advertisers, governments, and even I
   won't be able to see what you share.
 I also built it with productivity in mind.
  there's a busy switch 
   when you turn it on, if someone sends you a message, they'll
    get an alert that says "Tod is busy. Is it important?"
    If you say yes, he'll still be notified. But if you say no,
    he'll get the notification when he next checks his phone,
    or when his busy timer runs out.
 features like this make Element stand apart from the other
  large networks like Facebook and SnapChat.
I built it this way for a reason
 because I believe privacy should be automatic, not some setting
 because I believe we should be in control of how we spend our
  time
 because our attention shouldn't be sold to advertisers
 because technology should be built to serve the user, not the
  other way around
 and I did it because no one else will
Element
 Join Freedom
 Join Today
 at element.tk