This note is for anyone who stumbles across this code or the disk it's on:

Firstly, please determine if Ty Everett/Tyler Sands is still able to work on
the project. If he is, please notify him that the code was found. Thank you.

If he is not able to work on the project (if he is missing, imprisoned, dead,
insane, or otherwise not fit or willing to work on the continuation of this
project) please continue development.

If you don't know how to work on the project, please find someone who does.
This project is of significant benefit for the world, because it serves as a
deterrent to dragnet surveillance.

Upload the code to GitHub. Get a group of developers motivated. Get the word out.
The world needs a solution to the privacy problem. We need to be able to
communicate freely.

I want to first get a centralized server-client model developed for secure,
two-person messaging (and/or group messaging), using ringsigs for security.

Once that's done, I want to move this project to the blockchain. I want it to
use some decentralized DHT or something for data storage, and I want it not to
be ablt ot be censored or controlled by any central authority.

So either some sort of sharding blockchain, or a P2P DHT network of some kind.
There are people more familiar with this than I am.

Once it's been put on a decentralized, censorship-resistant, and SCALABLE
network, I want to make it as USER-ORIENTED AND USER-FRIENDLY to use as
humanly possible. I know a good front-end and mobile apps are hard, but this
is important for adoption.

Then, we need to open it up to developers as a platform.
I envision a place where people can build decentralized communication apps and
services which are uncensorable and enforced by blockchain smart contracts.
It should work such that anyone can set up a service, and have all user data
encrypted and inaccessible to the creator of the service or any unauthorized
users.

To the developers, don't focus on the features of this service, make it a
platform for new services to spawn and operate in a completely secure way.

To the future.
I am not Satoshi Nakamoto.